[chore] Update the Collector target audiences (#10539)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. *Collector library users*, consuming other Go APIs exposed by the opentelemetry-collector repository, for example to
   build custom distributions or other projects building on top of the Collector Go APIs.

When the needs of these audiences conflict, end-users should be prioritized, followed by component developers, and
finally Collector library users.

### End-users

End-users are the target audience for our binary distributions, as made available via the
[opentelemetry-collector-releases](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases) repository, as
well as distributions created using the [OpenTelemetry Collector
Builder](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/cmd/builder). To them, stability in the
behavior is important, be it runtime or configuration. They are more numerous and harder to get in touch with, making
our changes to the Collector more disruptive to them than to other audiences. As a general rule, whenever you are
developing OpenTelemetry Collector components (extensions, receivers, processors, exporters, connectors), you should

> have end-users' interests in mind. Similarly, changes to code within packages like `config` will have an impact on this

Reviewer: I'd like to call out changes to component telemetry also have a significant impact on these users.

Author: I reworded to say

> stability in the behavior is important, be it runtime, configuration or [internal telemetry](...)

audience. Make sure to cause minimal disruption when doing changes here.

### Component developers

Component developers create new extensions, receivers, processors, exporters and connectors to be used with the
OpenTelemetry Collector. They are the primary audience for the opentelemetry-collector repository's public Go API. A
significant part of them will contribute to opentelemetry-collector-contrib. In addition to the end-user aspect
mentioned above, this audience also cares about Go API compatibility of Go modules such as the ones in the `pdata`,

> `component`, `consumer`, `confmap`, `exporterhelper` and other modules, even though such changes wouldn't cause any

Reviewer: Let's add config modules to the list.

Author: Done

impact to end-users. See the "Breaking changes" in this document for more information on how to perform changes
affecting this audience.

> ### Collector library users

Reviewer: Let's mention that these are our most advanced users and are the most equipped to handle disruptive changes.

A third audience uses the OpenTelemetry Collector as a library to build their own distributions or other projects based
on the Collector. This audience is the main consumer of modules such as `service` or `otelcol`. They also share the same

> concerns as component developers regarding Go API compatibility, and are interested in behavior stability as end-users
> are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concerns as component developers regarding Go API compatibility, and are also interested in behavior stability.
```

telemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/internal-telemetry/). They are more numerous and harder to get in
touch with, making our changes to the Collector more disruptive to them than to other audiences. As a general rule,
whenever you are developing OpenTelemetry Collector components (extensions, receivers, processors, exporters,
connectors), you should have end-users' interests in mind. Similarly, changes to code within packages like `config` will
have an impact on this audience. Make sure to cause minimal disruption when doing changes here.

### Component developers

Component developers create new extensions, receivers, processors, exporters and connectors to be used with the
OpenTelemetry Collector. They are the primary audience for the opentelemetry-collector repository's public Go API. A
significant part of them will contribute to opentelemetry-collector-contrib. In addition to the end-user aspect
mentioned above, this audience also cares about Go API compatibility of Go modules such as the ones in the `pdata`,
`component`, `consumer`, `confmap`, `exporterhelper`, `config*` modules and others, even though such changes wouldn't cause any

> impact to end-users. See the "Breaking changes" in this document for more information on how to perform changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
impact to end-users. See the [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes) in this document for more information on how to perform changes
```
